all right listen and listen well because
no truer words are ever gonna be
spoken you can do anything you want
without limitation whatever it is that
you decide you want to make come true in
your life you can do that it is gonna
take an inhuman amount of work you're
gonna have to be prepared to break
yourself in half you are going to have
to learn more than anyone has ever
learned you can have to push yourself
harder than anyone has ever asked you to
push yourself before you're gonna go way
beyond your breaking point you're gonna
run until you vomit you're gonna study
until you fall asleep you're going to
push and push and push and then you're
going to push some more and when
you hit the limit you're gonna push
again beyond that you're gonna force
yourself into an adaptation response and
why because it's Malcolm X said the
future belongs to those who prepare for
it today so if you don't put the work in
today if you don't do the unending
back-breaking work of developing
yourself into something greater the
world is gonna pass you by the people
that are going to own it are gonna be
the ones that did that work and the one
promise that I can make you right now is
that somebody somebody out there is out
working somebody right now is doing the
things that I'm saying somebody right
now is doing the work of failing and
getting up and getting better and
pushing themselves and triggering that
glorious adaptation response that makes
humans the apex predator someone right
now they're putting in that war
and if you don't the future is gonna
belong to them and as Martin Luther King
jr. said you can't fly than one if you
can't run then walk if you can't walk
then crawl but whatever you do you have
to keep moving forward it's not okay to
make excuses it's not gonna slow people
down it's not okay to ask the world to
stop so that you can step out front it's
not okay
to expect little of yourself and demand
great rewards the only thing that's okay
is to be in line with the way that the
world really works and if you want to be
great you've got to become capable of
greatness you've got to develop your
skill set you've got to take what you
have now and if that's crawling then
crawl but you drag yourself ever
forward to a vision of yourself that is
so clear and so specific that nothing
could knock you off your path because
you my friend know
exactly where you're going you're
willing to pay whatever price it takes
to get there and no matter what anybody
says no matter how many hecklers
comfy no matter how many people try to
float dirt on you try to stop you try to
knock you down no matter how many
people come for you at night
while you sleep you will rise and you
will keep pushing forward and you will
get better every day and no matter how
many times people chop it you knock you
down knock you up the pathways and get
back on you will crawl so you can walk
you will walk to you run and then you
will run until you fly and that my
friends is the only path forward so if
you want a future that makes you
happy if you want a world that you're
excited about get your ass out there and
earn it